okay new recipe a new football jersey
I have zinedine zidane World Cup Jersey
for for France and today's dish is penne
vodka tomato and cream sauce with the
vodka reduction which is a fairly
popular dish in Italy and on the menu of
American Italian restaurants one of my
favorite dishes first time I made it was
just the other day and I'm gonna tempt
to duplicate that because it turned out
really well it's very easy dish very
easy as you'll soon see it's very simple
one or two Teresa one two or three steps
something like that okay for the
ingredients you will need a couple of
cups of tomato sauce this is my homemade
tomato sauce that just like the exactly
like the recipe on my channel here
somewhere if you don't have tomato sauce
in your repertoire of dishes to cook you
need to work on that something must
punch at that are we as we say in Spain
I'm feta I have a little bit of come on
Spanish ham Parmesan cheese cream vodka
as the name implies
I've already started some water to oil
for the pasta and a little something for
me you know for the effort some nice
olives that I've got picked up from my
hell out would you shop by this time out
there tremendous olives there I had a
glass of wine from Lucia that I came out
here and
Valencia community water on the boil
aggressively salted as Mario Batali says
I put a couple drops of olive oil in
there just because just because just
because I put olive oil and everything I
eat now okay hot so I the pasta will be
quick to cook I'm heating the pan up
we're cooking the pasta dish in I like
my big he's a skillet but I really like
this big deep pan because at the end I'm
gonna be mixing the pasta in with it in
there so heating up some olive oil just
a bit of olive oil because we're gonna
get quite a bit of fat for me the
Ancheta that I kind of cut up rather
rather well so it's a nice manageable
pieces
so this into the pot
cook this down
the
and I want to do is glazed the pan with
this trap the heat now that will flame
the vodka I know they think that's
necessary because the same thing it's
displayed in garage
out of a tomato sauce let that come up
to the temperature my step will be to
add some heavy cream
pastas come on I say you want to cook
this a little lesson usually go for our
dente a little less than al dente
because you're gonna cook it in the
sauce for a while that a lot further
cook the pasta so you don't want to get
a commission you may have noticed I
haven't had any I can add in any
seasoning to this you could add a little
bit of red pepper but I don't put any
salt in because the ham it has salt and
there's a little bit of salt my tomato
sauce but as I just gave it a little
taste as it doesn't need anything it's
actually very goodness as it is
I'll just add this I'm going to add some
peas just for a little bit of color
I'm just a little more a little more
body I guess texture and color added
nutrients to how the cheese you can
either add with the sauce or just on
each individual dish which is what I
prefer
you know I don't like adding it to the
sauce people don't like it thinking they
don't have to put cheese on it
pasta drain that and throw that in with
the pasta this is where the sauces
it's the pasta with the sauce I used a
half a kilo of na so itself big fat but
I because I made the other day I knew
just about how much sauce I wanted very
Italian the sauce ratio not not too much
sauce a lot of people drown their pasta
sauce or the tide waves is to discover
it I just let this heat up a little bit
actually probably turn this off pretty
soon then plate it up and add cheese and
ready to plate serve and I've played it
up the dish with a bit of fresh Parmesan
cheese grated on top and that is penne
alla vodka